AMQP update. (#526)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amqp/amqp-publish-consume.adoc

:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

> Request and Reply is a very common pattern between applications, and AMQP Connector provides an operation specially designed for that, called `publish-consume`. The `publish-consume` operation allows you to publish a message to any exchange, and then wait for a reply on a different destination.

Reviewer: Wikipedia shows this as "request-reply" or "request-response."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request and Reply is a very common pattern between applications. AMQP Connector provides an operation specially designed for this, called `publish-consume`. The `publish-consume` operation enables you to publish a message to any exchange, and then wait for a reply on a different destination.
```
